* emacs-22.3-appkit-1.4 (2009-06-27)

** Fixed bugs

*** Fringe bitmap display is incorrect if its width is not 8.

*** Crash when calculating Quickdraw font metrics in an invisible frame.

*** Crash when changing internal-border-width of an invisible frame.

*** Assertion failure in mac_set_font.

*** "Hide" in Login Items does not work. 

*** (mac-pasteboard-string-to-string "\342\204\246" 'mac-roman) gives
GREEK CAPITAL LETTER OMEGA instead of OHM SIGN (likewise for
mac-utxt-to-string).

*** mac-symbol -> emacs-mule mapping is represented wrong for #x30 - #x37.

** Improvements

*** Conversion between CFNumber and Lisp objects now uses Lisp strings
for integers that don't fit in the Lisp float range.


* emacs-22.3-appkit-1.3 (2009-03-27)

** Fixed bugs

*** Popup dialog button labels may get corrupted.
http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/emacs-devel/2009-03/msg00261.html

*** Popup dialog does not select the default item with the return key.

*** Tooltip contents are sometimes not shown on 10.4 due to the
previous change for flyspell-small-region slowness.

** Improvements

*** Hourglass (progress indicator) is shown in the title bar.

*** Add f20 and kp-separator to the keycode-to-xkeysym table.


* emacs-22.3-appkit-1.2 (2009-01-24)

** Fixed bugs

*** do-applescript crashes with -nw due to the previous fix for
(do-applescript "choose file") hang.

*** Cursor erasure sometimes fails on Mac OS X 10.5 due to the
previous change for flyspell-small-region slowness.

*** Buffer overrun in creation of Vmac_carbon_version_string.

** Improvements

*** Untag Lisp_Object by subtraction instead of masking.
http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/emacs-devel/2008-01/msg01876.html

*** `select' emulation waits for user signal delivery as well as
window system events and process outputs via sockets.
http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/emacs-devel/2008-10/msg00198.html

*** Hourglass display is enabled.

*** Let the framework decide whether wheel events to non-focus frames
are accepted or not.


* emacs-22.3-appkit-1.1 (2008-11-27)

** Fixed bugs

*** 64-bit binary doesn't work with AquaSKK Japanese input method.

*** Tooltip contents are chopped off if the fractional part of the
scaling factor is greater than or equal to 0.5.

*** Crash with tooltip autodisplay that happens when its contents are
not yet ready.

*** (do-applescript "choose file") -> cancel -> hang on 10.5.

*** With asynchronous subprocesses, the "[Complete, but not unique]"
message shown by C-x C-f / TAB TAB will disappear on key release.
(Both Carbon and Carbon+Appkit)

*** Crash with tabbar.el (not specific to the Carbon(+AppKit) port).
http://emacsbugs.donarmstrong.com/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=1337

** Improvements

*** Execution of flyspell-small-region is no longer too slow.

*** The "Visit New File" dialog no longer confirms replacement if an
existing file is specified (only on 10.3 and later).

*** Update display while the resize control (or the slider in the font
panel) is being dragged.

*** Align key bindings shown in a menu.

*** Explicitly link with libncurses.5 if MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET <
1040 to avoid runtime link error when running on the versions without
/usr/lib/libncurses.5.4.dylib.


* emacs-22.3-appkit-1.0 (2008-09-07)
Initial release
